feat: parenthetical syntax for message sends (`cycles`, `timeout` etc.) (#4608)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/canister-maintenance/cycles.md

Callees can accept all, some, or none of the available cycles up to limit determined by their actor’s current balance. Any remaining cycles are refunded to the caller. If a call traps, all its accompanying cycles are automatically refunded to the caller without loss.

> In near future, we shall transition Motoko to dedicated syntax and types to support safer programming with cycles. As a first step we employ parenthetical notes on message sends where the user attaches `(where cycles = <amount>)` as a prefix to message sends. This supplants the use of `ExperimentalCycles.add<system>` in below examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Motoko is adopting dedicated syntax and types to support safer programming with cycles.  Users can now attach `(where cycles = <amount>)` as a prefix to a message sends and async expressions. 
This new syntax will eventually obsolete the use of `ExperimentalCycles.add<system>(cycles)` in the examples that follow.
```

Reviewer: Why not also give the piggy bank example with the new syntax?
